parsing.md, before:

# RUN

## Options 

`-d,` `--dev` - development mode, `true` or `false`, case insensitive.

# TODO

Make all processes run from under a single procedure.

# `webdriver`


# Build & Use
To build an image from the `app` folder:  
`docker build -t sashakang/parser .`

To avoid crashing Chrome from within the container increase size of shared memory like so:  
`docker run -it --shm-size=1g --rm sashakang/parser`

To parse Artpole just run the image:  
`docker run -it --shm-size=1g --rm sashakang/parser`

To parse Petergof:  
`docker run -it --shm-size=1g --rm -v parser-vol:/credentials sashakang/parser python parse_petergof.py`

To schedule a job need root privileges for cron:  
`sudo crontab -eu root`

To run container in cron do not use `-it` option, i.e.  
`docker run --shm-size=1g --rm parser python parse_petergof.py`

To keep credentials use volume mount. Do not use bind mount as its path can be modified and thus the code can get access to any data.

# Bind mount

*Not recommended for security reasons.*

Started from the `parsing` folder on Windows  
`docker run -it -v "$(pwd):/code" --rm sashakang/parser`  
Mounts `parsing` folder as /code. But the path to access the credentials will be different for Linux. Still need to work on it.

# Volume
To create volume:  
`sudo docker volume create uduntu-dsk`

On Linux the local folder containing the data is:  
`/var/lib/docker/volumes/[disk name]/_data/`

To bind volume:  
`sudo docker run -v uduntu-dsk:/path/to/folder [image_name]`

On Windows docker volume data location (type in file browser):  
`\\wsl$\docker-desktop-data\version-pack-data\community\docker\volumes\parser-vol\_data\`

To run container on Windows or Linux:  
`docker run -it -v parser-vol:/credentials --rm --shm-size=1g sashakang/parser`  
provided `.server_analytics` file located in the root o

Commit message:

Increase timeout reading group from Artpole. PEP-8 formatted

parsing.md, after:

# RUN

## Options 

`-d,` `--dev` - development mode, `true` or `false`, case insensitive.

# TODO

Make all processes run from under a single procedure.

# `webdriver`


# Build & Use
To build an image from the `app` folder:  
`docker build -t sashakang/parser .`

To avoid crashing Chrome from within the container increase size of shared memory like so:  
`docker run -it --shm-size=1g --rm sashakang/parser`

To parse everything just run the image:  
`docker run -it --shm-size=1g --rm sashakang/parser`

To parse Petergof:  
`docker run -it --shm-size=1g --rm -v parser-vol:/credentials sashakang/parser python parse_petergof.py`

To schedule a job need root privileges for cron:  
`sudo crontab -eu root`

OR

Switch to root user `sudo su -`.  
Then in terminal browse to `/etc` folder and edit `crontab` file under root user: `nano crontab`.

To run container in cron do not use `-it` option, i.e.  
`docker run --shm-size=1g --rm parser python parse_petergof.py`

To keep credentials use volume mount. Do not use bind mount as its path can be modified and thus the code can get access to any data.

# Bind mount

*Not recommended for security reasons.*

Started from the `parsing` folder on Windows  
`docker run -it -v "$(pwd):/code" --rm sashakang/parser`  
Mounts `parsing` folder as /code. But the path to access the credentials will be different for Linux. Still need to work on it.

# Volume
To create volume:  
`sudo docker volume create uduntu-dsk`

On Linux the local folder containing the data is:  
`/var/lib/docker/volumes/[disk name]/_data/`

To bind volume:  
`sudo docker run -v uduntu-dsk:/path/to/folder [image_name]`

On Windows docker volume data location (type in file browser):  
`\\wsl$\docker-desktop-data\version-pack-data\community\docker\volumes\parser-vol\_data\`

To run container on Windows or Linux:  
`docker run -it -v parser-vol:/credentials --rm --shm-size=1g sashakang/parser`  
provided `.server_analytics` file located in the root o

# Attach terminal to a running container

`docker exec -it [container ID] bash`
